The algorithm partitions the Tauc plot into a series of linear segments and then identifies the linear segment most representative of the Tauc relationship based on the energy ranges, Tauc value ranges, and Tauc slopes of the line segments. 

"We build intuitive parameters into the algorithm to mimic an expert scientist’s judgment so that absorption spectra that do not conclusively identify a band gap are flagged, and the band gap energy is calculated for the remaining samples."

"While the algorithm has several free parameters, we used expert researchers to train the values of these parameters and demonstrate that the presented values yield an algorithm with excellent reproducibility and ability to estimate band gap energies from both diffuse reflectance and transmission–reflection measurements. The intuitive nature of the free parameters allows further fine-tuning of the accuracy and tailoring to specific experiments when necessary."



Run uvvis:
Checks if there are any nan values or if peaks exist (what does this entail?) for each analysis type (indirect allowed (IA) and direct allowed (DA) transitions)
Then always runs fitresult

Run fitresult:
Creates data for each bg type and interacts with fitting, residual measurement functions to identify the best linear piecewise parameters which are then sent to calc_bandgap for bandgap calculations.
Uses the linearfit function
Then if evertyhing was successful, it passes paramters to mergelinsegs which merges each linear segment to best fit Tauc fit. Then calc_bandgap is called and linpiecewise shortly after

Run linearfit(lsqcurvefitting):
Determines proper slope direction while determining the constraints, and initial paramters like x0 and its index, initial slope and the first value of y. 
This is passed into a constrained lsqcurvefitting internal function

Run mergelinsegs:
Compares neighbouring linear segments and their slopes that meet a certain criteria and then merges them:
δi,merge < p3(Δ(TP)i + Δ(TP)i+1), i ∈ [1,k]
Returns the parameters for th calc_bandgap function --> params = [params(1,1);knots;slopes];

Run calc_bandgap:
Calculates Eg from the (ahv = k * (hv - Eg)^n) relationship
Implements constrained piecewise linear fitting from linpiecewise function

Run linpiecewise: 
Piecewise linear addition to obtain the value of fitdata at a specific value of x. 


linfitd is a map with information regarding optimized linear fit paramters
fomd is a map with figure-of-merit values.